Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-csc22100-assignment-2
<br>
<span class="kksr-muted">Rate this product</span>

<ol>

 <li>1-  Amend the hierarchy of Java classes in Assignment 1 as follows:MyLine is_a MyShape; MyRectangle is_a MyShape MyOval is_a MyShape; MyCircle is_a MyOval; MyPolygon is_a MyShape.</li>

 <li>2-  Class MyShape is an abstract class; is the hierarchy’s superclass; and inherits Java class Object. The area, perimeter, and draw methods in class MyShape are abstract methods and hence must be overridden in each subclass in the hierarchy. Further, the reference point of MyShape, p(x, y), is an object of class MyPoint. Otherwise, the classes MyShape, MyLine, MyRectangle, and MyOval are as defined in Assignment 1, but now utilize class MyPoint:Class MyPoint:Class MyPoint is used by class MyShape to define the reference point p(x, y) of the Java display coordinate system, and by all other subclasses in the class hierarchy any point stipulated in the class definition. The class includes appropriate class constructors and methods, including methods that perform point related operations.Class MyPolygon:Class MyPolygon extends class MyShape. The MyPolygon object is a regular polygon defined by the integer parameter, N — the number of the polygon’s equal side lengths and equal interior angles, and the radius, r, in which it is inscribed. The MyPolygon object may be filled with a color. The class includes appropriate class constructors and methods that perform the following operations:a. getCenter, getAngle, getSide — return the center point, interior angle (in degrees), and side length of a MyPolygon object;</li>

</ol>

b. toString — returns a string representation of a MyPolygon object: center point, side length, interior angle, perimeter, and area;

c. draw — draws a MyPolygon object.

3- Interface MyShapeInterface is implemented by class MyShape. All subclasses of the hierarchy must be amended in accordance with the interface. The interface includes appropriate constants and abstract, static, and/or default methods that

, including:

<ol>

 <li>getMyBoundingRectangle — abstract method returns the bounding rectangle of an object in the class hierarchy;</li>

 <li>pointInMyShape— abstract method returns true if a point p is located within or on the boundary of an object in the class hierarchy;</li>

 <li>intersectMyShapes— static method returns the intersecting area — i.e., the set of all points on or within the boundary of the area — of two objects in the class hierarchy if they do overlap; and null otherwise.</li>

</ol>

describe the functions and behaviors of the specific object types of the class

hierarchy

<ol start="4">

 <li>4-  Useinterface MyShapeInterface. The tests should include multiple shapes and show graphic illustrations and textual information of outcomes generated by your code, subject to the following additional requirements:

  <ol>

   <li>The code is applicable to canvases of variable height and width;</li>

   <li>The dimensions of the shapes are proportional to the smallest dimension of thecanvas;</li>

   <li>The shapes are filled with colors of your choice, specified through a MyColorenum reference type.</li>

  </ol></li>

 <li>5-  Explicitly specify all the classes imported and used in your Java code.</li>